Write readmes (#92)
PolyCortex/polydodo: mobile/README.md

# Polydodo mobile client

<p align="center">
   <a href="https://github.com/PolyCortex/polydodo/releases/latest/download/polydodo_app_android.apk">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Get latest release-Android-3EDDC84?logo=Android"
         alt="web client">
  </a>
     <a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Future release-iOS-purple?logo=Apple"
         alt="web client">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/dart-lang">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Dart-blue?logo=Dart"
         alt="web client">
  </a>
    <a href="https://flutter.dev/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Flutter-44D1fd?logo=Flutter"
         alt="web client">
  </a>
 </p>

> This mobile app receives, scores, saves and aggregates sleep sequences. Unlike the web application, this app can save sleep sequences for later consultation and display the aggregated results of several nights of sleep on a dashboard. Also, it will guide the user from the installation of the electrodes, until the end of his acquisition. It does not require the use of OpenBCI GUI as it directly interface itself with the OpenBCI board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mobile app receives, scores, saves and aggregates sleep sequences. Unlike the web application, this app can save sleep sequences for later consultation and display the aggregated results of several nights of sleep on a dashboard. Also, it will guide the user from the installation of the electrodes, until the end of their data acquisition. It does not require the use of OpenBCI GUI since it directly interfaces with the OpenBCI board.
```

In the case of the Cyton, this is done using the serial protocol via an OTG cable that is plugged into the phone and with the Cyton Dongle plugged in. In the case of the Ganglion, the connection is made by bluetooth.

## Development Framework

> We are using Flutter which is a high-level framework for mobile development. The speed of development and the possibility to develop a cross-platform product (Android and iOS) from a single code repository without sacrificing performances has been the determining factor in the use of this technology. Flutter uses the Dart language which is typed and compiled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are using Flutter which is a high-level framework for mobile development. The speed of development and the possibility to develop a cross-platform product (Android and iOS) from a single code repository without sacrificing performance has been the determining factor in the use of this technology. Flutter uses the Dart language which is typed and compiled.
```

## Targeted Platform

> We target Android as our only platform. While development frameworks like Flutter allow these two platforms to be targeted using a single source code, there are some small tasks and extra attention that should be paid in this regard. If it became worth it, we will also target iOS in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We target Android as our only platform. While development frameworks like Flutter allow these two platforms to be targeted using a single source code, there are some small tasks and extra attention that should be paid in this regard. If it becomes worth it, we will also target iOS in the future.
```
